The Joe Rogan experience.
And then you have to the Republicans that they have to stick together. They,
especially in this time where, you know,
look w there I'm not a Republican, but if I was,
I would be extremely concerned about censorship and social media,
which is a real thing.
Censorship of Republican ideas and conservative ideas is absolutely a real
thing. And is it's not just real,
it's accepted as being the right thing to do by certain organizations. I mean,
they've been caught on camera and hidden camera talking about the
ways that you can silence conservative voices. You know,
this is not like these. When you look at sodas, social media platforms,
they're essentially the best way to get ideas out there, right?
It's even better than broadcast news because if you put something on Fox or
CBS or whatever, how many people are really going to watch it? Is it a thousand,
a million? I mean, how many people watch it,
but if you have a clip that goes viral,
that clip on YouTube or Twitter, or where a Facebook, wherever,
wherever that could get 30 million people,
40 million people way more than is ever going to watch you on television.
And they've kind of accepted that on late night television,
like late night television is kind of accepted that what they're looking for is
these clips, these moments,
and these clips that almost acts as advertisements for the show. Yeah. You know,
where it's James cordon, making people sing in this car,
that kind of to try and get these clips that go viral because the show itself,
I mean,
I don't know how many people are watching a few hundred thousand at the most,
right? It's nothing in comparison to a lot of the like,
like what's that guy's name, that's the famous makeup kid that, that he's a,
a gay fellow, James Charles,
that guy's videos on makeup get way more views and anything that happens on Fox
news. And that's a fact, yeah. Anything that happens on MSNBC and that's a fact,
okay,
social media is way more potent than anything else when it comes to getting a
message out.
And for sure conservatives are being discriminated
against, on social media, by social media platforms.
Well,
and what's weird about it is that when you think about social media and coming
out of Silicon valley, which is famously left wing,
the election was really swung by the internet in Trump's favor. You know,
whether or not you want to call them bots that were set up by Russia or whether
or not it was just, they were a well-organized campaign. They just,
they were really smart, very sharp about videos that they put out. They,
they have a thing now where they put out a lot of memes that they encourage
people to make memes about. Um, they're all over.
Democrats are so far behind the Republicans when it comes to using
using it. But you're right. I mean, if you,
if you ban certain people from Twitter and from YouTube,
that's.
That's a. Yes, it is censorship.
And even if you're not banning them from those, if you're shadow, banning them,
if you're making it very difficult for people to find them, which is real,
that's a real thing that you do. They, they, they, you know, the, the,
the way your PO, like, if you have a post on social media,
it doesn't just go up in chronological order anymore.
Now it's affected by an algorithm. So I might see your posts,
or I might not see your posts in my feed.
It's dependent upon what I like and what I watch and what I see when I go to
search. Like, if you look at my search feed, you know, you see,
you see people beating the out of each other and girls doing squats.
That's like my, my, my search, it's all like, uh, like it's,
it's the most cartoonish version of me possible.
It's all like big bull elk screaming and dudes getting head kicked in a muscle
car, doing a burnout. That's my, that's all. Oh, you good?
Look at my Instagram search. And that's all affected entirely by this algorithm.
That figures out what I like. Yeah. And then also recommends things to me,
like in terms of like, there's a lot of sponsored things on Instagram, like,
Ooh, I could use that. Is that good? Yeah. And I'll have to Google it. I'm good.
And it's because it's targeting me.
It's found me that knows that I search for certain things.
I look at certain things. These are the sites that I follow.
These are the things that I interact with. So let's sell them something.
And it does the same with you.
And it does the same with Jamie does the same with everybody. So they can,
in certain social media platforms use that algorithm to discriminate so they can
decide, Hey,
this guy keeps chirping on and on about a Hillary Clinton's war crimes and
all this, we don't need this guy around. Okay.
We don't need this guy and all of his right wing and all his make
America great. Again. So we'll shadow ban them.
And so they can shove you into this category where it's very difficult to find
your, um, find your page. And it's very difficult for your to show up.
And a lot of people have seen their views dropped drastically.
Their interactions dropped drastically because people aren't seeing their
anymore. Right. Andrew Santino had that happen to him. No. Talk to someone,
talk to someone on the phone that told him he was shadow banned.
And he was like, what does that mean? They're like, well,
it was it's because of a post that you made. He goes, well, what post is it?
They wouldn't tell him what post it was.
What kind of posts would it have been? Is he political?
No. He's like, I'm not political at all, but you know, he's a comic.
And he says, ridiculous. And he's a redhead.
And so people would probably like, you know, look at this guy,
this super white looking guy who says a bunch of ridiculous. Get rid of him.
Yeah. Off of his head.
Yeah, no, I had this guy weird fella, I think, is his handle on Twitter.
And he used to, he used to say stupid. He was goofy, whatever. He, you know,
I would interact with them a little bit.
And then he emailed me at my site to say that he got banned from Twitter.
Remember what? Remember on, uh, uh, Halloween,
when a kid showed up at the white and, uh,
Trump and Malani were standing there and Trump put candy on top of the kid's
head, instead of canning it to them, it was kinda,
it was like a really ridiculous,
like this guy can't even just put candy in the kid's bag.
He's got to put it on his head. So it was like thumping. It became a meme.
And this guy just wrote, um, I wish the kid had kicked him in the shins,
thrown off Twitter for saying that.
Hm there's a woman named Megan Murphy. She's what's called a turf.
Do you know what a terrific trans exclusionary radical feminist.
And, uh,
she w she is one of those radical feminists that don't believe that a trans
person is a woman.
And she was arguing that these people don't have,
they shouldn't have a voice in women's issues. Like you're not a woman.
And so this is her opinion.
And some people think that that opinion is transphobic.
Some people think she should be allowed to have that opinion. While on Twitter,
she wrote a man has never a woman. They told her,
just take down that tweet. So you know what she did.
She made a screenshot of it.
She took down that tweet and then she posted a picture of the screenshot,
and then they banned it for life. Wow. You know, he's not banned for life.
OJ Simpson. Yeah. Double homicide, armed kidnapping. Right?
Hate Twitter world. Yeah.
Hate Twitter world is your friend OJ with football picks. Hey, Twitter world.
He's fine. But this lady who's just said with her words,
a man is never a woman, which biologically is correct. Banned.
Wow. Do you know what else you get banned for.
Do you know what you get well to get banned for, for life?
Deadnaming do you know? Deadnaming if you call Caitlyn Jenner, Bruce
Really banned.
For life. No.
Yes. For life ridiculous. Wow.
This is the world we're living in. This is this political ideology world.
This is the reason why someone like Elizabeth Warren thinks she has to say,
taxpayer money should pay for prisoners.
Some mass murderer who decides he's a woman now to get this transitionary
surgery, transition surgery, reassignment, surgery,
whatever you want to call it. Look, I wished it was a pill that you could take.
I wish there was a place where you can go where they zap you like the place
where they turned Bruce banner into the Hawk that turns you into a woman,
a legit 100% bonafide, X, Y, or double X chromosome woman.
I wish there was. I wish there was. So this is no argument.
The argument is in changing someone, but not really,
you know, like you're still your chromosomes and your, your,
your biological makeup, and then forcing people to comply.
So it's a thing of compliance.
Like you're supposed to not bring up the fact that this person used to be a man.
Look, if your name's Greg, but like my friend, Aubrey. Okay. Perfect. Example.
His name used to be Chris,
but he tripped balls one day and decided you want to change his name.
So he changed his name. We all just call them Aubrey.
Now I don't call them Chris anymore. He was Chris for years.
I knew he was Chris for years. And then he became Aubrey. I'm like, all right,
man, you want to be Opry? Now you're robbery. I don't give a.
But if I called him, Chris, would I be dead named.